README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋, I'm drago  
## Systems engineer
🔭 I’m currently working on my future

## Tech stack &Tools
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=fff)](#)[![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-%23092E20.svg?logo=django&logoColor=white)](#)[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)](#)


## Databases & Tools
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=fff)](#)  [![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-%23000000.svg?logo=markdown&logoColor=white)](#)  [![Visual Studio Code](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?logo=vsc&logoColor=white)](#)	 [![Ghostty](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Ghostty-0000ff?logo=ghostty_term)](https://ghostty.org/)  [![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=fff)](#)
## operative systems
[![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000000?logo=apple&logoColor=F0F0F0)](#)  [![Windows](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Windows-0078D6?logo=windows11&logoColor=white)](#)

I enjoy the music YouTube Music	[![YouTube Music](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube_Music-FF0000?logo=youtube-music&logoColor=white)](#)
## Programming
[![Codeforces Stats](https://codeforces-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/card?username=Drago667)](https://codeforces.com/profile/Drago667)


## socials
[![LinkedIn](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff)]([www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-esteban-rivera-156947221](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-esteban-rivera/))




<!--
**drago668/drago668** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Enhance README with personal introduction
Added a brief introduction and background information.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋, I'm drago  
## Systems engineer
Systems Engineering student at the University of Cundinamarca, with experience in web application development and data science. I have worked on academic projects focused on social impact, geospatial analysis, and early detection of issues through web and backend technologies. I am seeking internships or projects where I can contribute my skills to the improvement or development of software solutions using Python, Django, HTML, and JavaScript.
🔭 I’m currently working on my future

## Tech stack &Tools
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=fff)](#)[![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-%23092E20.svg?logo=django&logoColor=white)](#)[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)](#)


## Databases & Tools
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=fff)](#)  [![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-%23000000.svg?logo=markdown&logoColor=white)](#)  [![Visual Studio Code](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?logo=vsc&logoColor=white)](#)	 [![Ghostty](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Ghostty-0000ff?logo=ghostty_term)](https://ghostty.org/)  [![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=fff)](#)
## operative systems
[![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000000?logo=apple&logoColor=F0F0F0)](#)  [![Windows](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Windows-0078D6?logo=windows11&logoColor=white)](#)

I enjoy the music YouTube Music	[![YouTube Music](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube_Music-FF0000?logo=youtube-music&logoColor=white)](#)
## Programming
[![Codeforces Stats](https://codeforces-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/card?username=Drago667)](https://codeforces.com/profile/Drago667)


## socials
[![LinkedIn](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff)]([www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-esteban-rivera-156947221](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-esteban-rivera/))




<!--
**drago668/drago668** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
